DOC-385 | Add overview of Tools to Getting Started (#1316)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/how-to-interact-with-arangodb.md

See the [HTTP](http/) documentation to learn more about the API, how requests
are handled and what endpoints are available.

## Set Up and Deploy ArangoDB

[ArangoDB Starter](programs-starter.html) (`arangodb` binary) helps you set up
and deploy ArangoDB instances on bare-metal servers and supports all ArangoDB
deployment modes, such as a single server instance, Active Failover, and cluster
(including Datacenter-to-Datacenter Replication).

> In addition to the Starter, there are also other ways that can be used to deploy
> ArangoDB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the Starter, there are also other ways that you can use to deploy
ArangoDB:
```

> - Running `arangod` directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the `arangod` executable directly
```

- [Docker containers](install-with-docker.html)
- [Kubernetes](deployment-kubernetes.html)

> - Using installation packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use installation packages
```
